bpo-28528: Fix pdb.checkline() attribute error when 'curframe' is None. (#25438)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-04-29-00-48-00.bpo-28528.JLAVWj.rst

> Fixed a bug in :mod:`pdb` where :meth:`~pdb.Pdb.checkline` would raise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug in :mod:`pdb` where :meth:`~pdb.Pdb.checkline` raises
```

> :exc:`AttributeError` if it was called after :meth:`~pdb.Pdb.reset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:exc:`AttributeError` if it is called after :meth:`~pdb.Pdb.reset`.
```
